README.md, before:

# What?
## What is this?
It's my opinionated take on a boilerplate React/Webpack/Redux app. I plan on using it as a boilerplate for future projects. It's also my record of how to setup and configure these things; you'll see the commit notes are (kind of) detailed. It's my lazy way of writing a blog, but not.

# How (to use this)? 
## Environment:
I'm currently using:

 - node v7.9.0
 - npm v4.2.0
 - yarn 0.23.3

## Install:
 - run `yarn install`
 - run `yarn build`

## Run:
 - run `yarn start` 
 - Open `localhost:8080/dist/index.html` in your browser of choice 
 - run `yarn watch` in another terminal window if you want webpack to watch and automatically rerun on change 

## Testing:
 - run `yarn test`
 - or run `yarn testw` to run it in watch mode (it'll stay alive, and rerun anytime you save a file)

# Why?
## Why not use {{insert react boilerplate app name here}}?
Because I need to learn how to use Webpack, Babel, (the newer version of) React, Redux and React Router. Doing things is the best way to learn things `¯\_(ツ)_/¯`
 
## Why is it called `shiny-invention`?
Because Github generates the best repository names.

Commit message:

Adding basic React snapshot testing
Jest's nicest feature is the React component testing support. It
captures the generated HTML of a rendered React component and saves it
as a snapshot. Subsequent tests then compare the output to this snapshot
so that if the test result is different to the snapshot, it'll fail.
You then just need to compare the result and the snapshot, and determine
if it's an unexpected issue, or what the component should now be looking
like. You can then update your test, or resave the snapshot so that
it's the new expected state.

I've also updated the README.md on how to run tests, and how to debug
them.

README.md, after:

# What?
## What is this?
It's my opinionated take on a boilerplate React/Webpack/Redux app. I plan on using it as a boilerplate for future projects. It's also my record of how to setup and configure these things; you'll see the commit notes are (kind of) detailed. It's my lazy way of writing a blog, but not.

# How (to use this)? 
## Environment:
I'm currently using:

 - node v7.9.0
 - npm v4.2.0
 - yarn 0.23.3

## Install:
 - run `yarn install`
 - run `yarn build`

## Run:
 - run `yarn start` 
 - Open `localhost:8080/dist/index.html` in your browser of choice 
 - run `yarn watch` in another terminal window if you want webpack to watch and automatically rerun on change 

## Test

### Running tests:
 - run `yarn test`
 - run `yarn testw` to run it in watch mode (it'll stay alive, and rerun anytime you save a file)
 - run `yarn run test -- -u` if you want to pass any CLI arguments to yarn

### Snapshot/Component testing:
 - The first time you successfully run a component test, it'll create a snapshot and save it.
 - The next time you run it, it'll compare the test output with the snapshot output. If they're the same, it'll pass.
 - If the expected component output has changed, the test will fail. To update the snapshot output to the new output, run `yarn run test -- src/app/components/House.spec.jsx -u`, and then press `u` when prompted

### Debugging a test:
To debug a test, run: `node debug --harmony ./node_modules/.bin/jest --runInBand src/app/components/House.spec.jsx`

The debugger can be a bit obtuse. Basic commands are:

 - `n` for next
 - `eval` to a open a repl to evaluate variables
 - `ctrl-c` to close the repl 
 - `c` for continue
 - `ctrl-c ctrl-c` to quite debugger

# Why?
## Why not use {{insert react boilerplate app name here}}?
Why not? `¯\_(ツ)_/¯`
 
## Why is it called `shiny-invention`?
Because GitHub generates the best repository names.
